I saw on the way out and we did not even
not the addition
it's not because the president
sambi what they do there differently is
what the president told us it's
that the god president asks him you have
left our shop not to do
to reach togo and Togolese
do everything to make the gta sargos lamy
and proportional month it
take over while the election
a contest a week say you do not
will not be toying the heads of state
for ten years they are actually
complicated said that we resume work
we'll see how it's going to end
but what can I say mom I'm scared
conflicts not a report
so far with figures falling
what is it that makes us
everything to be able to adjust the
problem
the chairman of the commune of the committee
accompaniment of young people in galley
made several proposals that are
defeated g or in the example of
ra ra said we have the record of the
wind us and to some members and not
not signed this poster there is a
unsigned member this sheet is the
reason is that we asked
hastily little the report arrives at
lomé and people have led to
niamtougou airport and what
looks like Rhone still denied and
the others not six but what is
extraordinary is that we have
found the president of the ceni who has
told us that we have found goals of
debility besides the goals and that we
have authenticated time of a god when
we did the compilation what makes
that there is something happened
so we asked to know
more or to use everyone but
unfortunately so far we
have no solution it's on these
blockages there that we will do but if
the cedeao tells us to finish
like that and art to send had we
are going to send ya even had a threat to
the is the threat which the one who would have
sufficiently block the situation for
that the togo room this one there will be
investigations for the punit it was clear
like ours you understand you are
journalists I said I respect
of the two presidents who came who
are very good chair to that
I appreciate a lot
I can not do it for face thank you
thank you